Example

1:
Traditional scholarship held that this book was partly produced during the reign of Solomon and other parts around 450 BC. However, more modern scholars believe it was produced between 600–500 BC, during the Babylonian exile and 500–400 BC during the post-exilic period.

Issues

2:
Traditional scholarship held that this book was partly produced during the reign of Solomon and other parts in the middle of the 5th century BC. However, more modern scholars believe it was produced in the 6th century BC, during the Babylonian exile and the 5th century post-exilic period.

5:
Many modern scholars believe this book was initially the product of the northern kingdom of Israel, then brought to the southern kingdom of Judah in the 8th century BC, then adapted in King Josiah’s era in the 7th century and finally polished to its current form in about the 6th century BC.

6:
Modern scholarship tends to believe this book was first written in the time of King Hezekiah in the 8th century BC, and an early version is attributed to his grandson, Josiah, at the end of the 7th century BC. It was refined to its present form around 550 BC.

7:
Modern scholarship tends to believe this book was first written in the time of King Hezekiah in the 8th century BC, and an early version is attributed to his grandson, Josiah, at the end of the 7th century BC. It was refined to its present form around 550 BC.

8:
Some modern scholars date this book as being from sometime between the 6th to the 4th centuries AD.

16:
The first edition of the combined Ezra-Nehemiah text may have originated in about the 4th century BC.

17:
The book of Esther is thought to have originated sometime in the 3rd or 4th century BC.

18:
Scholars believe that the book of Job was likely written sometime in the 6th century BC.

21:
This book was probably written during the last half of the 3rd century BC. Other scholars date it between 180 BC and 450 BC.

24:
The book was written over a period during the 6th and 5th centuries BC. Current forms of the book did not appear until the 2nd century BC.

28:
The author, if it was the prophet Hosea, lived during the 8th century BC.

29:
Scholars are widely divided as to the dating of this book, from the 9th century BC to the 5th century BC.

32:
Scholars think this book was written sometime between the late 5th and early 4th century BC after the exile to Babylon.

33:
Scholars believe the first three chapters were written in the 8th century BC, while later parts are believed to have been added in the early 5th century BC.

34:
This book was probably written in the 7th century BC. Some date it to 615 BC.

35:
It is believed that this prophet lived during the late 7th century BC.

36:
Most scholars date this book in the 7th century BC, but some believe it may have been written as late as 200 BC.

38:
It is believed that this book was written in the 6th century BC, with possible other additions later in the 5th century BC.

39:
Some scholars believe this book was written in the mid-5th century BC.

59:
If James, the brother of Jesus, wrote this letter, then it would be dated no later than 32 years after the crucifixion of Jesus, when James was martyred (circa 62 AD). However, other scholars date it later, perhaps toward the end of the first century or into the early 2nd century AD.
